my lights up the latest films so I might
as well take use of them welcome back to
my channel everyone so for today's video
I thought it would be a lot of fun to do
a trying to be vegan for a day video
I've seen a couple of other youtubers do
this and I just thought it was a fun
idea and you know I'm just inspired to
make healthy related videos and I've
never thought of I thought of being
vegan before but more on the paleo side
of things not as much like full-on vegan
it's hard to it would be really really
hard to do that with my family setting
and just you know time and everything so
I've chosen not to do that but I thought
it would be fun to try this out for a
day so I'm gonna look up the like true
definition of what vegan is I'm just
gonna read it just to let you know like
what I'm going by so definition of vegan
is a strict vegetarian who consumes no
foods such as meat eggs or dairy
products that come from animals
so pretty much no animal products for
the purposes of this video I'm just
gonna be doing like dieting not really
clothes or anything it's gonna be just
you know food that's the plan it's
actually like twelve and I haven't eaten
anything so they go get some lunch for
my first meal I think I'm going to make
something with like beans corn and
quinoa I've never really found myself
loving quinoa but I feel like it's just
because I'm not making it right so I'm
gonna try it out and I
it'll be good but I can I can eat bread
I'm also gonna be a smoothie because
smoothies are amazing
one thing I'm sad about though is eggs
that I can't make eggs because I
personally love eating eggs Oh mango
that too
I've cooked quinoa before but it never
really turns out very good so I'm
looking up a recipe right now how to do
it well yourself a free spirit a wild
thing and you're terrified somebody
stick you in a cage maybe you're already
in that cage and build it yourself
[Music]
alright guys so I finished up making my
lunch
and I ended up mango and then a sweet
potato and I only put a ghave on that
usually I put cinnamon on it too but I
couldn't find cinnamon so that's just
put on there and then I have tortillas
and looked on the back and I didn't see
any animal products so just going with
that and then I have some corn beans
quinoa right here and then I have a
smoothie with strawberries almond milk
lemon and banana so that's what I have
for lunch
so I would say this is pretty good it's
not my favorite I feel like it's missing
some spice or something honestly like if
I was just making this for myself on a
regular day I probably add sour cream
but overall I think it's pretty good
sometimes I just finished my plate of
food and I'm going really full but still
good it's kind of on food though Wow to
be
[Music]
okay so for my next meal this is dinner
I just may took the leftovers that I had
from lunch and then put the tortilla
again and then just took tomatoes and
cilantro and peppers and put that on for
like kind of like a burrito style but
without any meat or sour cream or
anything so that's then I also have some
water with some ice and lemon
[Music]
and this is pretty good it's just banana
and cacao powder mm-hmm pretty okay this
is my dessert for tonight I'm doing nice
and cold
it's about 538 so probably once again
just how to snack before it's really
time to go to sleep
[Music]
I really enjoyed those burritos and
respirators also in case you didn't know
I'm also doing a sugar-free month my
family does a sugar-free month the month
of January just kind of like cleanse and
refresh to make new anyway so that's
what I'm also doing on top of this vegan
type thing but I honestly feel like
being vegan is kind of being you know
sugar-free no processed nastiness is gum
vegan there are no animal ingredients in
our trident tropical tres flavor 9
splash which has a beef base children
well I've got here Trident mint so I'm
good to go
what's great I love it so we just got
home from go into the store and going
out for a little bit
throwing some errands it's 855 and I'm
getting a little hungry again so I'm
just kidding I should probably check if
that's vegan it's nearly always ends on
top of
so yeah I would say stop eating them
I think you like the classic ozone and
carrots which I'm sure
[Music]
I'm back at it again so I just want to
let you know before you go downstairs to
watch a movie with my family I just made
one more thing for today and it's the
smoothie Bowl and I took quite a while
to make it look beautiful so please
appreciate it it just you know just
looks like this semmen eat that and
watch the village with my family so I'll
talk to you later
alright guys thank you I look so white
what the heck
alright guys so dinner concludes this
trying to be vegan for a day video I
really hope you enjoyed it I had a lot
of fun trying to think up new ideas and
come up with healthier I guess you'd say
or just better ways of eating food that
I already did technically like eat
before um I won't become vegan I should
I get this point my life it would be
very difficult and I don't have a very
big desire for it at this point in my
life but I did definitely feel healthy
um eating the way I did today and I'm
grateful for the experience well I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did don't forget
to give the video a thumbs up click the
subscribe button down below and if you
don't have the bell rung that will
notify you when I upload I upload them
on Tuesdays but the time exactly isn't
always the same so that will give you a
little digging on your phone or computer
so you can click on my video and watch
it so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed and
yeah I'll see you next week bye